clean: Adjust people terminology on Quality docs DOCS-542 (#1755)
codacy/docs: docs/organizations/managing-people.md

# Managing people

> People signing up to the Codacy app and joining an organization become members of that organization. Members of a Codacy organization can see the dashboards and details of the organization repositories. Depending on their permissions on the Git provider, members can also manage the organization and repository settings on Codacy.

Reviewer: This is a nice extra clarification. :star:

Author: I really needed that extra sentence to glue the ideas. 😅

> People committing to private repositories of an organization but haven't signed up to Codacy and joined the organization yet, should also be added to the organization.
> 
> For **private repositories**, Codacy only analyzes commits from members and committers of the corresponding organization on Codacy .

Reviewer: This part should be more straightforward, focusing on explaining in a simple way what users should do.

Here's my try:

```suggestion
For **private repositories**, Codacy only analyzes commits from people listed under the page **People** under the organization settings. To make sure that Codacy analyzes all relevant commits, make sure that you add all committers to private repositories to your Codacy organization.
```

Author: I wouldn't mention directly the page **People** because we would be repeating the same right after, on the next sentence after the admonition.
I tweaked your suggestion a bit. I removed the "committers **to private repositories**" to simplify the sentence, as we can infer by the beginning of the sentence that we refer to private repositories.
I also removed the duplicated "make sure". 😉 

WDYT, @prcr? 

```suggestion
For **private repositories**, Codacy only analyzes commits from people in your Codacy organization. To ensure that Codacy analyzes all relevant commits, make sure that you add to your Codacy organization the committers that are not members of the organization yet.
```

Reviewer: Let's remove the "make sure that you" part (to avoid the "to ensure [...] make sure" :smile:) and it's perfect! :ok_hand:

!!! note
    For Enterprise plans where Codacy automatically adds new committers to your organization, you can invite them to join the organization on the Codacy app.

To add people to your organization:

1.  Open your organization **Settings**, page **People**, and click the button **Add people**.

    ![Adding people to your organization](images/organization-people-add-button.png)

1.  Select people from the list displaying pending requests to join the organization, as well as recent committers to the private repositories in your organization.

    Alternatively, click **Add people using email addresses** to manually enter the list of email addresses of the people you wish to add.

    ![Adding people to your organization](images/organization-people-add-modal.png)

1.  Confirm the updated billing details displayed at the bottom of the window and click the button **Add people**. Codacy emails the newly added people inviting them to log in.

## Removing people from your organization {: id="removing-people"}

> Members of an organization on Codacy can remove themselves from the organization, and organization owners can also remove other members or committers.

Reviewer: I think that here an "and" is more correct since organization owners can remove members **and** committers.

```suggestion
Members of an organization on Codacy can remove themselves from the organization, and organization owners can also remove other members and committers.
```
